fix #77: deprecations notices with phpunit 8 (#78)
dmaicher/doctrine-test-bundle: README.md

    
    Note: if you are using symfony flex and you are allowing contrib recipes (`extra.symfony.allow-contrib=true`) then the bundle will be automatically enabled for the `'test'` environment. See https://github.com/symfony/recipes-contrib/tree/master/dama/doctrine-test-bundle
    

> 3. From PhpUnit 8, add the PHPUnit extension in your xml config (e.g. `app/phpunit.xml`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Starting from PHPUnit version 8, add the extension in your xml config (e.g. `app/phpunit.xml`)
```

    ```xml
    <phpunit>
        ...
        <extensions>
            <extension class="DAMA\DoctrineTestBundle\PHPUnit\PHPUnitExtension" />
        </extensions>
    </phpunit>
    ```

>     Otherwise, add the PHPUnit test listener in your xml config (e.g. `app/phpunit.xml`) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For lower PHPUnit versions add the listener in your xml config (e.g. `app/phpunit.xml`) 
```
